Jennyf/changelog4.23 (#2221)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet: changelog.txt

4.23.0
============

New Features:
**Windows Account Manager (WAM) is now available on .NET classic**. See issue [#2181](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2181) and [#2182](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2182) for details and https://aka.ms/msal-net-wam.

> **Proof of Possession (Signed HTTP Request) for confidential clients now support key management**. See issue [#2013](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2013) and ()[] for details.

Reviewer: >()[] [](start = 205, length = 4)

?

Author: no. i will specifically mention it, as JM points out too.

---
In reply to: [527376381](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/pull/2221#discussion_r527376381) [](ancestors = 527376381)

> **Proof of Possession (Signed HTTP Request) for confidential clients now support key management**. See issue [#2013](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2013) and ()[] for details.

Reviewer 2: New static `OperatingSystemAccount` property on `PublicClientApplication`

Author: i inculuded more on this on line 5. thank you

> **Proof of Possession (Signed HTTP Request) for confidential clients now support key management**. See issue [#2013](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2013) and ()[] for details.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Proof of Possession (Signed HTTP Request) for confidential clients now support key management**. See issue [#2013](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2013) and (the documentation)[https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/wiki/Proof-Of-Possession-(PoP)-tokens] for details.
```

Reviewer 3: @jennyf19

Author: thanks @trwalke, I made some other changes so didn't take this commit directly, but have added. thank you!

> **MSAL .NET includes a fallback in case calling the local intance metadata service fails**. See issue [#2055](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2055) for details.

Reviewer: >ncludes a fallback in case c [](start = 13, length = 28)

Wasn't this included in the previous release?

Author: idk. i was going off what was on the board and tagged w/4.23 milestone.

---
In reply to: [527377592](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/pull/2221#discussion_r527377592) [](ancestors = 527377592)

Reviewer 4: No, it wasn't. It will go in this release.

---
In reply to: [527377592](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/pull/2221#discussion_r527377592) [](ancestors = 527377592)

> **MSAL .NET includes a fallback in case calling the local intance metadata service fails**. See issue [#2055](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2055) for details.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
**MSAL .NET includes a fallback in case calling the local instance metadata service fails due to unsupported version**. See issue [#2055](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2055) for details.
```

Author: thank you. updated

**MSAL .NET no longer includes the ref assemblies, which are unsupported by older tools and custom build systems**. See issue [#2100](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2100) for details.
**MSAL .NET now sends the source of region discovery in the telemetry**. See issue [#2166](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2166) for details.

> 

Reviewer 2: - removal of Pop for public client -which was an experimental feature.
